Document that load order can happen from combining abstract and real definitions in a single file (#49728)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: doc/JSON_INHERITANCE.md

Missing optional fields are set to the usual defaults for that type

> When making new abstract definitions, its best practice to place them in a separate file than its inheritors, as doing otherwise might result in load order errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When making new abstract definitions, it is best practice to place them in a separate file from its inheritors, as doing otherwise might result in load order errors.
```
